Hello again.
So let's get some rule about two clusters that we can use with DNS.
So if we back right here try to check for example Isak's I one have to machine do Windows 7 and Windows
XP.
Number for the E6 I do have one machine that is x.
I have two machine.
So we want to work on this machine and make some affinity route.
So we're back to that cluster of course not in the respect there is we need to go down and in the configuration
we have some new configuration that we can use with the dentist.
So V.M. where EVC VM hosts group and VM host rule and VM override we're going to see them one by one.
So the VM host group needs some host.
We're going to see it and we have a VM host rules.
If you remember we talk about to do this route.
So in the VM host room we can add to rule that we want to use in our cluster.
So we click on it and here we give it a name.
For example we want to create a router Sipah rate DMH when it is on XP.
Number four jewel when seven like that.
And then we need to enable this one this enable and disable us I mean when you apply this rule.
And one day you just take to disable this rule and you want the cluster to ignore this rule you simply
check this one right.
And this rule are not going to work into.
There is then when you want to do it you simply enable it.
So we have different type of option to trolls drop the VM host route.
The first one is keep the virtual machine together.
This is due affinity.
Lets mean this two bedroom machine should work at the same Haast we have separate virtual machine that's
made into affinity.
That's me in the two virtual machine should work in the different Tulse should never be hosted in the
same Isak's I host.
Then we have some virtual machine to host but need some group.
We're going to see it later then virtual machine to virtual machine that need also some group.
We're going to do different tasks and group in this option.
Right.
So we chose for example separate virtual machines and we want to separate two virtual machines to not
run in the same process.
So we simply click out and here of course you can use the first Patricias search.
For example when ex-Beatle gets all the machine that's callet win XP or any machine that you want.
But in our situation we're going to use the different VM that we have.
So if we click on this one like that to get the order by E6 I host and we see that E6 I host an android.
How do we explain that before and when 7 is X i.e. to have Win XP 5 is x 3 1/2 Win XP 6 and we center
server.
Of course we're not going to touch these windows because this is the center and we don't want to migrate
it to any other host because if I want to have only 4G gobshites and only is Atri how about 12 gigabytes.
So we chose for example this one that exists in the same house.
So the room that we want to practice the machine should not be at the same house.
So Windows 7 and Windows XP.
Number four.
So we click OK.
No we have two machine that should not run into same host.
Of course you can.
I'm not a machine that's mean.
It's your machine should not never run in the same house.
That's me.
It should be guaranteed to default on toast.
So now we have a machines and when we click OK of course it will take a little time and we'll start
migrating one of those virtual machines.
After doing its own calculation and decided which one can be migrated from the hosts Isak's I wan to
a specific code that can get this one.
So Windows XP not before and do Windows 7 should not run in the same E6 I host as you said the migration
start perfectly.
If we click on it it will give you a task of beginning to get your machine and begin eating them.
Windows 7 is I one last one in Morocco to E6.
I do love want in Morocco with encryption Negrete VM Windows 7 of host is I want in Morocco.
So its worked perfectly this route.
Of course you see the statue right hand is enabled if you want to disable it then to call police if
you have any real conflict.
Thats me an example you see that this machine should never run at the same host with this machine can
you you add under the rules that have a conflict with this rule for example you say that this machine
should run always with this machine in the same way.
So we have a complete right there and this will give you a massage.
And this rule will not be going to work.
So its no do rule its work perfectly.
So the same.
Also we have a kind of another rule for example afine t rule like that then we use good virtual machine
together with click.
And then you choose the machine that should run together.
Of course in this case if we chose the Windows 7 and Windows 4 to run in the same host this will be
a conflict.
Give it an example.
OK.
So the direct route is in conflict with existing irresolute in the cluster.
It will be desirable the rule can be enabling manually when the conflict are resolved.
So it's automatically disabled.
We can click OK and you will see it right there but it's disabled.
You see it this way.
And we have this other missiles that we have some conflict between them.
So we simply delete this one because it's have a conflict with another route.
So if we check the windows 7 no Windows 7 around is x i house number two also we can try to add some
other option.
For example do a Windows XP number five and Windows XP.
Number four should run into same host.
So we now number five existing is Isak's I too.
And number four exist in is X I number one.
So we click OK.
Of course here we need to add our feet Niti to the XP 4 and XP 5 like that.
They keep the virtual machine together with click OK.
So the rule does not have any conflicts and automatically you will see that the virtual machine five
or virtual machine four will be migrated to do hosts that will going to work perfectly.
Of course what it will is the tablet rule.
So for example the windows force will never run in with Windows 7.
So that's just the Windows 7.
We're not going to migrate to this Windows XP for to the halls that have Windows 7.
So automatically I would chose do win xp 5 to be migrated to one of the other horse would just give
it a little time and we'll see the rule.
Also we take enable.
So this is the different root of unity and happiness.
And of course we have some other rule.
We're going to see it in the next video to see on the next video.